Project MS1 Reflect - In Tae Chung, 129 958 220

ms1
I am submitting past the original deadline in part due to my own procrastination, but because there was no penalty for a week after the due date, I decided to catch up a bit on my other courses.
This milestone was a fairly simple task of putting together the files laid out and provided for the project, and I found it to be of good practice. Working with files instead of direct input/output is still something I am getting used to implementing, so I found this opportunity to be very helpful as a simple practice task.

ms2 
In this milestone I was able to create the function void cpyString(char* des, const char* src, int size) that I made in my utils.c and utils.h module and used in the PosApp.c file thanks to my classmate Emily Fagin. While studying with Emily Fagin, Emily showed me this function as a way of copying one string variable to another without the use of strncpy from the <string.h> library and helped me to implement it in my project. I understand how the function works by using pointers to call the variable name from the items structure and transfers it character by character into the iName variable for the set length of 18 determined by an int variable. 
Other than this code that allowed me to not use the <string.h> library, I am still trying to find an easy way to incorporate data files, or for this project the .csv file, my project in Xcode, but luckily am still managing to get by with testing my code by compiling it with gcc. 

ms3
The hardest part of ms3 for me was definitely milestone 3.5. It took a lot of time for me to try and understand which values were being pulled from the structure and using arrays to update values as well. There was a lot of practice with format specifying so I feel a lot more confident regarding that. I did end up using strcmp from the strings.h library to compare two strings in the int search(void) function made in ms3.4. If possible and I have some time later on, I am hoping to see if I can understand and create function like I did in ms2 where I used cpyString instead.

ms4
Milestone four was surprisingly (fairly) easy to complete compared to how much work went into milestone 3.5. Being able to reuse listItems() in the function selectItems helped make the process fairly quick. I did get an issue where the MAX_STOCK_NUMBER showed as 999 instead of 619 in my output... so I changed its value in the POS.h file in order to get the correct output for submission.